Drop operand.namespace (#115)
kubernetes-sigs/node-feature-discovery-operator: docs/get-started/quick-start.md

make deploy
```

> By default the operator will watch the namespace defined on the
> deployment manifest the env WATCH_NAMESPACE will track the
> metadata.namespace of the deployment, if unset the operator
> will watch ALL namespaces.

Reviewer: Hmm, that wording was a bit cryptic to me 🧐 

```suggestion
By default the operator will watch `NodeFeatureDiscovery` objects
only in the namespace where the operator is deployed in. This is
specified by the `WATCH_NAMESPACE` env variable in the operator
deployment manifest. If the  unset the operator will watch ALL
namespaces.
```

make deploy
```

By default the operator will watch `NodeFeatureDiscovery` objects
only in the namespace where the operator is deployed in. This is
specified by the `WATCH_NAMESPACE` env variable in the operator

> deployment manifest. If the  unset the operator will watch ALL

Reviewer: Puching myself 🤦 

```suggestion
deployment manifest. If unset the operator will watch ALL
```
